The challenges that I've observed
in the industry so far is
it's quite difficult driving
in San Francisco.
There's lots of crowds,
there's lots of heavy fog,
rain for example, and lots
of rolling hills as well.
So, at Zoox, currently we're
able to tackle most of
these difficult situations
in San Francisco,
and we're able to drive on
very busy intersections and
take unprotected left turns
which are probably one of
the most challenging situations that
an autonomous vehicle will
encounter on a day-to-day basis.
Zoox started with two co-founders,
Tim Kentley-Klay and Jesse Levinson.
They decided that they
wanted to think of
the autonomous problem or
challenge in a different way
than everyone else was doing.
Everyone else wants to
put sensors on a car,
and they wanted to build
the car from the ground up.
Our vehicle is bidirectional,
that means they won't have to do
U-turns or a three-point turns.
Our vehicles won't
have steering wheel,
you'll have social seeding,
that means that riders will
sit facing each other.
In addition, one of
the cool things that we can do
is we have all wheels steering.
So, all four of the wheels can steer,
and what that means in
dense urban environments like
San Francisco is that if
we have a rider on
the side of the road
and a very narrow spot between cars,
we can get in there.
Whereas more conventional cars
might not be able to
in that situation.
Because the industry is so new,
we at so many different challenges,
we have to find
so many different ways of
solving problems that we've
never had to solve before.
So, it's great and challenging
in trying to figure
out those innovative solutions
to this such a hard
problem that we have.
Zoox has done a really great job
so far in solving that challenge,
and I'm glad I'm part of that.
Zoox is well position
to compete against
the large OEMs that are
currently in the field,
because Zoox was born to solve
the problem of autonomous mobility.
We're designing a vehicle from
the ground up that will tackle
the challenges of delivering a
autonomous ride-sharing experience.
The large OEMs have a lot
of existing infrastructure,
they're encumbered by
the current model of car ownership.
Whereas we as
a small and agile start-up
are able to really execute
on our core vision.